Relfn: dexter02.md
Category: slave
Author: 신경숙
Pubdate: 2008-04-29
Tags: τωρκυαθος,instruction,finots,مناوشات,talk,ביוני,кхоро,archives,CODE,html
Title: Remains to Be Seen
Slug: Remains-to-Be-Seen

Remains to Be Seen
==================

Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter. I will not kill my
sister. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. Finding a
needle in a haystack isn't hard when every straw is computerized. You're
a killer. I catch killers. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the
years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see.

    :::html
    <!DOCTYPE HTML>
    <HTML>
        <HEAD>
            <TITLE>Basic HTML5 structure</TITLE>
            <META name="keywords" content="keyword1,keyword2">
            <META name="description" content="HTML5 website">
            <META name="author" content="Uw naam">
            <META charset="UTF-8">
        </HEAD>
        <BODY>
            Hello World!
        </BODY>
    </HTML>


Seeing Red
----------

Keep your mind limber. I'm thinking two circus clowns dancing. You? I
think he's got a crush on you, Dex! You're a killer. I catch killers.
I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted
until the dark became my world and I could see.

-   You're a killer. I catch killers.
-   Makes me a … scientist.

### That Night, a Forest Grew

I'm really more an apartment person. Keep your mind limber. Watching ice
melt. This is fun. Hello, Dexter Morgan. I'm partial to air
conditioning. Like a sloth. I can do that.

#### Everything Is Illumenated

This man is a knight in shining armor. I am not a killer. I'm really
more an apartment person. God created pudding, and then he rested.

1.  Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter.
2.  I am not a killer.

##### The Damage a Man Can Do

I like seafood. I'm thinking two circus clowns dancing. You? I feel like
a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece. And I'm not even sure what the picture
should be. Pretend. You pretend the feelings are there, for the world,
for the people around you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be. He
taught me a code. To survive. Rorschach would say you have a hard time
relating to others.

###### Everything Is Illumenated

I'm Dexter, and I'm not sure what I am. I'm partial to air conditioning.
God created pudding, and then he rested. Under normal circumstances, I'd
take that as a compliment. Only you could make those words cute.

You all right, Dexter? I am not a killer. I'm Dexter, and I'm not sure
what I am. He taught me a code. To survive. Cops, another community I'm
not part of.

Hello, Dexter Morgan. Keep your mind limber. I think he's got a crush on
you, Dex! Like a sloth. I can do that. You're a killer. I catch killers.
I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my
sister.

I'm doing mental jumping jacks. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can
do for me. Watching ice melt. This is fun. I love Halloween. The one
time of year when everyone wears a mask … not just me. Pretend. You
pretend the feelings are there, for the world, for the people around
you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be.

I have a dark side, too. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex! I'm doing
mental jumping jacks. Tell him time is of the essence.

I like seafood. I'm doing mental jumping jacks. I have a dark side, too.
I am not a killer. Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a
compliment.

I'm generally confused most of the time. You're a killer. I catch
killers. Watching ice melt. This is fun. Rorschach would say you have a
hard time relating to others. Like a sloth. I can do that.

Tonight's the night. And it's going to happen again and again. It has to
happen. Makes me a … scientist. Tonight's the night. And it's going to
happen again and again. It has to happen. Only you could make those
words cute.

I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. You all right,
Dexter? Keep your mind limber. Like a sloth. I can do that.

Watching ice melt. This is fun. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can
do for me. I like seafood.
