Relfn: mp01.md
Category: ביוני
Author: Евге́ния Соломо́новна Ги́нзбург
Pubdate: 1979-12-03
Tags: مناوشات,archives,talk,בקרבת,кхоро,तसमय
Title: King Arthur
Slug: King-Arthur

King Arthur
===========

Where'd you get the coconuts? What do you mean? Well, I didn't vote for
you. No, no, no! Yes, yes. A bit. But she's got a wart. And this isn't
my nose. This is a false one.

I'm not dead!
-------------

Why do you think that she is a witch? The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad
in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of
the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry
Excalibur. That is why I am your king. The swallow may fly south with
the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in
winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

-   The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice!
-   Well, what do you want?
-   And the hat. She's a witch!

### What a strange person

Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! Well, I got better.
Bloody Peasant! Well, Mercia's a temperate zone! A newt?

#### Sets The Cinema Back 900 Years!

And the hat. She's a witch! Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers
who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods. And this isn't my
nose. This is a false one. What do you mean?

1.  Be quiet!
2.  No, no, no! Yes, yes. A bit. But she's got a wart.

##### Dennis the Peasant

Who's that then? But you are dressed as one… The Lady of the Lake, her
arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the
bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was
to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.

###### King Arthur

Ni! Ni! Ni! Ni! Where'd you get the coconuts? Well, what do you want? On
second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place. Ah, now we see
the violence inherent in the system!

On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place. Where'd you
get the coconuts? Found them? In Mercia?! The coconut's tropical! We
found them.

Why? I have to push the pram a lot. Now, look here, my good man. Well,
she turned me into a newt.

I'm not a witch. Shh! Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home. Let
us ride to Camelot! We want a shrubbery!! Where'd you get the coconuts?

No, no, no! Yes, yes. A bit. But she's got a wart. Be quiet! Bloody
Peasant! We found them. We want a shrubbery!! Well, I didn't vote for
you.

A newt? You don't vote for kings. We want a shrubbery!! The Knights Who
Say Ni demand a sacrifice! Where'd you get the coconuts? She looks like
one.

Now, look here, my good man. On second thoughts, let's not go there. It
is a silly place. The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! Well, I
didn't vote for you. And this isn't my nose. This is a false one.

She looks like one. Well, I didn't vote for you. Burn her anyway! Well,
what do you want?

Look, my liege! We found them. Well, what do you want?

Burn her anyway! Now, look here, my good man. Why? You don't frighten
us, English pig-dogs! Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person!
I blow my nose at you, so-called Ah-thoor Keeng, you and all your silly
English K-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-niggits! The nose? I am your king.
