Relfn: simpsons01.md
Category: кхоро
Author: Dritëro Agolli
Pubdate: 1999-11-01
Tags: Corporation,incididunt,archives,instruction,bottom,तसमय,בקרבת,finots
Title: A Streetcar Named Marge
Slug: A-Streetcar-Named-Marge

A Streetcar Named Marge
=======================

Beer. Now there's a temporary solution. "Thank the Lord"? That sounded
like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place within
these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an organized
religion. Can't you people take the law into your own hands? I mean, we
can't be policing the entire city! Marge, it takes two to lie. One to
lie and one to listen. Duffman can't breathe! OH NO!

Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk
-----------------------------

I stand by my racial slur. Look out, Itchy! He's Irish! Old people don't
need companionship. They need to be isolated and studied so it can be
determined what nutrients they have that might be extracted for our
personal use. Our differences are only skin deep, but our sames go down
to the bone. When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at
the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!

-   Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates
    us from the animals…except the weasel.
-   Human contact: the final frontier.

### Bart the Daredevil

Brace yourselves gentlemen. According to the gas chromatograph, the
secret ingredient is… Love!? Who's been screwing with this thing? Bart,
with \$10,000 we'd be millionaires! We could buy all kinds of useful
things like…love! Your questions have become more redundant and annoying
than the last three "Highlander" movies. Slow down, Bart! My legs don't
know how to be as long as yours. I've done everything the Bible says —
even the stuff that contradicts the other stuff! I was saying
"Boo-urns."

#### Marge vs. Monorail

I can't go to juvie. They use guys like me as currency. Human contact:
the final frontier. You don't win friends with salad. "Thank the Lord"?
That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no
place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an
organized religion. Remember the time he ate my goldfish? And you lied
and said I never had goldfish. Then why did I have the bowl, Bart? \*Why
did I have the bowl?\*

1.  No children have ever meddled with the Republican Party and lived to
    tell about it.
2.  I stand by my racial slur.
3.  Brace yourselves gentlemen. According to the gas chromatograph, the
    secret ingredient is… Love!? Who's been screwing with this thing?
4.  Yes! I am a citizen! Now which way to the welfare office? I'm
    kidding, I'm kidding. I work, I work.

##### The Last Temptation of Homer

He didn't give you gay, did he? Did he?! When will I learn? The answers
to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!
Inflammable means flammable? What a country. …And the fluffy kitten
played with that ball of string all through the night. On a lighter
note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last night. Beer. Now
there's a temporary solution.

###### A Fish Called Selma

Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even
remotely true! …And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string
all through the night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was
brutally murdered last night. I was saying "Boo-urns." Human contact:
the final frontier. I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my homosexuals
flaming.

Dad didn't leave… When he comes back from the store, he's going to wave
those pop-tarts right in your face! Oh, so they have Internet on
computers now! Marge, you being a cop makes you the man! Which makes me
the woman — and I have no interest in that, besides occasionally wearing
the underwear, which as we discussed, is strictly a comfort thing. When
will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a
bottle, they're on TV! I prefer a vehicle that doesn't hurt Mother
Earth. It's a go-cart, powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction.

I hope this has taught you kids a lesson: kids never learn. Aaah!
Natural light! Get it off me! Get it off me! Oh, so they have Internet
on computers now!

I hope I didn't brain my damage. What good is money if it can't inspire
terror in your fellow man? Shoplifting is a victimless crime. Like
punching someone in the dark.

Fat Tony is a cancer on this fair city! He is the cancer and I am
the…uh…what cures cancer? Son, a woman is like a beer. They smell good,
they look good, you'd step over your own mother just to get one! But you
can't stop at one. You wanna drink another woman! I've had it with this
school, Skinner. Low test scores, class after class of ugly, ugly
children…

Bart, with \$10,000 we'd be millionaires! We could buy all kinds of
useful things like…love! Aaah! Natural light! Get it off me! Get it off
me! I've done everything the Bible says — even the stuff that
contradicts the other stuff! Son, a woman is like a beer. They smell
good, they look good, you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
But you can't stop at one. You wanna drink another woman!

Kids, kids. I'm not going to die. That only happens to bad people. Your
guilty consciences may make you vote Democratic, but secretly you all
yearn for a Republican president to lower taxes, brutalize criminals,
and rule you like a king! I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my
homosexuals flaming. How is education supposed to make me feel smarter?
Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out
of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I
forgot how to drive? Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's
what separates us from the animals…except the weasel. Can't you people
take the law into your own hands? I mean, we can't be policing the
entire city!

Oh, so they have Internet on computers now! Aaah! Natural light! Get it
off me! Get it off me! Get ready, skanks! It's time for the truth train!
Son, a woman is like a beer. They smell good, they look good, you'd step
over your own mother just to get one! But you can't stop at one. You
wanna drink another woman! I prefer a vehicle that doesn't hurt Mother
Earth. It's a go-cart, powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction.
They only come out in the night. Or in this case, the day.

Me fail English? That's unpossible. Attempted murder? Now honestly, what
is that? Do they give a Nobel Prize for attempted chemistry? …And the
fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the night. On
a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last night.
Shoplifting is a victimless crime. Like punching someone in the dark.

I stand by my racial slur. No children have ever meddled with the
Republican Party and lived to tell about it. "Thank the Lord"? That
sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place
within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an
organized religion.
