Relfn: simpsons02.md
Category: кхоро
Author: 신경숙
Pubdate: 2011-02-18
Tags: Corporation,talk,incididunt,culpa,slave,finots,τωρκυαθος,בקרבת,CODE,js
Title: Homer the Great
Slug: Homer-the-Great

Homer the Great
===============

I've had it with this school, Skinner. Low test scores, class after
class of ugly, ugly children… I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my
homosexuals flaming. I didn't get rich by signing checks. Aaah! Natural
light! Get it off me! Get it off me! I prefer a vehicle that doesn't
hurt Mother Earth. It's a go-cart, powered by my own sense of
self-satisfaction. I hope I didn't brain my damage.

Selma's Choice
--------------

Aaah! Natural light! Get it off me! Get it off me! "Thank the Lord"?
That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no
place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an
organized religion. Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove
anything that's even remotely true! They only come out in the night. Or
in this case, the day. Beer. Now there's a temporary solution.

    :::js
    function execute(filename,var1,var2,var3)
    {
        var xmlhttp;
        if(window.XMLHttpRequest)
        {
            //Code for IE7+, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari
            xmlhttp = new XMLHttpRequest();
        }
        else if(window.ActiveXObject)
        {
            //Code for IE6, IE5
            xmlhttp = new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP");
        }
        else
        {
            alert("Your browser does not support AJAX!");
        }
            
            var url = filename+"?";
            var params = "var1="+var1+"&var2="+var2+"&var3="+var3;
                
            xmlhttp.open("POST", url, true);
            
        xmlhttp.onreadystatechange=function()
        {
            if(xmlhttp.readyState==4)
            {
                //Below line will fill a DIV with ID 'response' 
                //with the reply from the server. You can use this to troubleshoot
                //document.getElementById('response').innerHTML=xmlhttp.responseText;
    
                xmlhttp.close;
            }
        }
            
            //Send the proper header information along with the request
            xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Content-type", "application/x-www-form-urlencoded");
            xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Content-length", params.length);
            xmlhttp.setRequestHeader("Connection", "close");
            
            xmlhttp.send(params);
    }


-   Bart, with \$10,000 we'd be millionaires! We could buy all kinds of
    useful things like…love!
-   I prefer a vehicle that doesn't hurt Mother Earth. It's a go-cart,
    powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction.

### A Fish Called Selma

Remember the time he ate my goldfish? And you lied and said I never had
goldfish. Then why did I have the bowl, Bart? \*Why did I have the
bowl?\* Oh, so they have Internet on computers now! Bart, with \$10,000
we'd be millionaires! We could buy all kinds of useful things like…love!
"Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public
school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have
a place within an organized religion. I stand by my racial slur.

#### Selma's Choice

How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I
learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember
when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive? Dad
didn't leave… When he comes back from the store, he's going to wave
those pop-tarts right in your face! Brace yourselves gentlemen.
According to the gas chromatograph, the secret ingredient is… Love!?
Who's been screwing with this thing?

1.  Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat
    you and everyone you care about!
2.  Kids, we need to talk for a moment about Krusty Brand Chew Goo Gum
    Like Substance. We all knew it contained spider eggs, but the
    hantavirus? That came out of left field. So if you're experiencing
    numbness and/or comas, send five dollars to antidote, PO box…
3.  I've done everything the Bible says — even the stuff that
    contradicts the other stuff!
4.  When I held that gun in my hand, I felt a surge of power…like God
    must feel when he's holding a gun.

##### A Streetcar Named Marge

…And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the
night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last
night. Marge, you being a cop makes you the man! Which makes me the
woman — and I have no interest in that, besides occasionally wearing the
underwear, which as we discussed, is strictly a comfort thing. When will
I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a
bottle, they're on TV! Well, he's kind of had it in for me ever since I
accidentally ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidentally" with
"repeatedly" and replace "dog" with "son."

###### Radioactive Man

Shoplifting is a victimless crime. Like punching someone in the dark. I
was saying "Boo-urns." I prefer a vehicle that doesn't hurt Mother
Earth. It's a go-cart, powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction.
I've done everything the Bible says — even the stuff that contradicts
the other stuff! Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the
chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about!

Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates us
from the animals…except the weasel. Oh, so they have Internet on
computers now! Stan Lee never left. I'm afraid his mind is no longer in
mint condition. Oh, I'm in no condition to drive. Wait a minute. I don't
have to listen to myself. I'm drunk.

Duffman can't breathe! OH NO! Marge, it takes two to lie. One to lie and
one to listen. Your guilty consciences may make you vote Democratic, but
secretly you all yearn for a Republican president to lower taxes,
brutalize criminals, and rule you like a king! I hope this has taught
you kids a lesson: kids never learn.

I can't go to juvie. They use guys like me as currency. I stand by my
racial slur. Bart, with \$10,000 we'd be millionaires! We could buy all
kinds of useful things like…love!

Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even
remotely true! I stand by my racial slur. I stand by my racial slur. I'm
going to the back seat of my car, with the woman I love, and I won't be
back for ten minutes! Inflammable means flammable? What a country.

Can't you people take the law into your own hands? I mean, we can't be
policing the entire city! What good is money if it can't inspire terror
in your fellow man? He didn't give you gay, did he? Did he?! Fat Tony is
a cancer on this fair city! He is the cancer and I am the…uh…what cures
cancer?

Aaah! Natural light! Get it off me! Get it off me! When I held that gun
in my hand, I felt a surge of power…like God must feel when he's holding
a gun. Son, a woman is like a beer. They smell good, they look good,
you'd step over your own mother just to get one! But you can't stop at
one. You wanna drink another woman!

"Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public
school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have
a place within an organized religion. Kids, you tried your best and you
failed miserably. The lesson is, never try. Shoplifting is a victimless
crime. Like punching someone in the dark. Inflammable means flammable?
What a country.

…And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the
night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last
night. Kids, kids. I'm not going to die. That only happens to bad
people. The Internet King? I wonder if he could provide faster nudity…
Yes! I am a citizen! Now which way to the welfare office? I'm kidding,
I'm kidding. I work, I work.

Can't you people take the law into your own hands? I mean, we can't be
policing the entire city! Old people don't need companionship. They need
to be isolated and studied so it can be determined what nutrients they
have that might be extracted for our personal use. When will I learn?
The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're
on TV! No children have ever meddled with the Republican Party and lived
to tell about it.
