Relfn: starwars01.md
Category: culpa
Author: Nichita Stănescu
Pubdate: 1977-01-12
Tags: finots,Corporation,archives,incididunt,مناوشات,slave,кхоро,talk,IMAGE,CODE,html
Title: Jedi Academy
Slug: Jedi-Academy

Jedi Academy
============

I call it luck. You don't believe in the Force, do you? Alderaan? I'm
not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as
it is.

Attack of the Clones
--------------------

Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think? Hey,
Luke! May the Force be with you. Partially, but it also obeys your
commands. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides,
attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more
like…suicide. Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone.

-   As you wish.
-   As you wish.
-   What?!

### Revenge of the Sith

You mean it controls your actions? I suggest you try it again, Luke.
This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. But with the
blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight? I'm
surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. I
want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I
want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before
me.

#### Revenge of the Sith

Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no
weapons. You can't possibly… Don't be too proud of this technological
terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is
insignificant next to the power of the Force. Your eyes can deceive you.
Don't trust them.

1.  You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home!
2.  But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed
    to fight?
3.  I care. So, what do you think of her, Han?
4.  Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.

##### The Rebel Force

![512px-Moon_names.svg.png]({{asset_url\('img/blog/512px-Moon_names.svg.png'\)}} "Image tag by Markdown: 512px-Moon_names.svg.png")

I call it luck. I'm trying not to, kid. As you wish.

###### The Force Unleashed

I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? You're all clear, kid. Let's
blow this thing and go home! I suggest you try it again, Luke. This
time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. I need your help,
Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.

Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. The more you tighten your grip,
Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. I'm trying
not to, kid.

You don't believe in the Force, do you? Hey, Luke! May the Force be with
you. You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home! I don't
know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on
a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- What good is a reward if you ain't
around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea
of courage. It's more like…suicide.

What?! Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for
you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. She
must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to
retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one
to stop us this time! Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing
through him. You mean it controls your actions? In my experience, there
is no such thing as luck.

A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my
old master. You mean it controls your actions? I want to come with you
to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways
of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me. I'm surprised you
had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. Remember, a Jedi
can feel the Force flowing through him.

    :::html
    <!DOCTYPE HTML>
    <HTML>
        <HEAD>
            <TITLE>Basic HTML5 structure</TITLE>
            <META name="keywords" content="keyword1,keyword2">
            <META name="description" content="HTML5 website">
            <META name="author" content="Uw naam">
            <META charset="UTF-8">
        </HEAD>
        <BODY>
            Hello World!
        </BODY>
    </HTML>


Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? Partially, but it
also obeys your commands. You mean it controls your actions? You mean it
controls your actions? Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and
I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for
the money. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her
away!

What?! Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for
you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.
Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. As you wish. Your eyes can
deceive you. Don't trust them. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force
flowing through him.

All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're
best at, ain't it? You don't believe in the Force, do you? What good is
a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle
station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide. Look, I ain't
in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I
expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. Leave that to me. Send
a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed.
Dantooine. They're on Dantooine.

I'm trying not to, kid. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? Kid,
I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've seen a lot of
strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me believe there's
one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical
energy field that controls my destiny. It's all a lot of simple tricks
and nonsense. Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other.
I've seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make
me believe there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything.
There's no mystical energy field that controls my destiny. It's all a
lot of simple tricks and nonsense.

Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. She must have hidden the plans
in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to
it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time! I
can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the
Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's
such a long way from here. You don't believe in the Force, do you? Hey,
Luke! May the Force be with you. Escape is not his plan. I must face
him, alone.
