Relfn: who01.md
Category: τωρκυαθος
Author: Dritëro Agolli
Pubdate: 1990-04-15
Tags: archives,Corporation,slave,incididunt,talk,مناوشات,ביוני,CODE,css
Title: The Stolen Earth
Slug: The-Stolen-Earth

The Stolen Earth
================

You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you
think they're probably lying to make you feel better? Heh-haa! Super
squeaky bum time! Father Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known
him: Jeff.

Planet of the Dead
------------------

It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society
Awful?'! It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern
Society Awful?'! I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! Father
Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known him: Jeff.

-   You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?
-   You hit me with a cricket bat.
-   You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?

### The End of Time

\*Insistently\* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell
me what normal blokes do! Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. I hate
yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. The way I see it, every life is a
pile of good things and bad things.…hey.…the good things don't always
soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily
spoil the good things and make them unimportant. You know how I
sometimes have really brilliant ideas? I am the last of my species, and
I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me!

#### Turn Left

\*Insistently\* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell
me what normal blokes do! All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary
human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? I am the last of my
species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me!

1.  I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart
    so don't lie to me!
2.  You hit me with a cricket bat.

##### Army of Ghosts

Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish.
Saving the world with meals on wheels. You know when grown-ups tell you
'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to
make you feel better? I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there
to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship.

###### Flesh and Stone

I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every
time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship. Annihilate? No. No
violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand
me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat
them in a football match, didn't you? No… It's a thing; it's like a
plan, but with more greatness. Saving the world with meals on wheels.
You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? I hate yogurt.
It's just stuff with bits in.

Father Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known him: Jeff. You
know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you
think they're probably lying to make you feel better? I'm the Doctor.
Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor
too. I still don't know why. You've swallowed a planet!

\*Insistently\* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell
me what normal blokes do! It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool.
Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. You hit me with a cricket bat.

No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. Sorry,
checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. No, I'll
fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the
Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister. I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me
the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't
know why. I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. \*catches
himself\* And that is not how I'm introducing myself.

    :::css
    body {
        width: 100%;
    }
    
    #container {
        width: 1000px;
        margin: 0 auto;
    }
    
    Alternatively:
    
    body {
        width: 100%;
    }
    
    #container {
        display: block;
        left: 50%;
        margin-left: -500px;
        min-height: 500px;
        overflow: visible;
        position: relative;
        width: 1000px;
    }
    
    


The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad
things.…hey.…the good things don't always soften the bad things; but
vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and
make them unimportant. No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more
greatness. I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! Heh-haa! Super
squeaky bum time! You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?

You hit me with a cricket bat. I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna
be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a
spaceship. I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! I hate yogurt. It's
just stuff with bits in. No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with
more greatness. You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me!
KILL ME!

I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. I am the last of my
species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me! I'm
the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me
the Doctor too. I still don't know why. Saving the world with meals on
wheels. You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine'
and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better?

I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every
time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship. Stop talking, brain
thinking. Hush. I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs
on the heart so don't lie to me! It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are
cool. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time!

Did I mention we have comfy chairs? I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with
bits in. No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness.
You hit me with a cricket bat.

I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. \*catches himself\* And
that is not how I'm introducing myself. You know when grown-ups tell you
'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to
make you feel better? I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I
don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why. All
I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could
possibly go wrong? Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. They're not
aliens, they're Earth…liens!
